Akamon, born on a small island the tieflings had made their own, grew up peacefully. The tribe was mostly self-sufficient and got stable supplies from trade. In his early teens the merchants' start to slowly raise their prices, after years of the prices increasing it seems like the island can't sustain itself much longer and at the age of 16 Akamon decides to join the marine corps to help support his tribe. 
When Akamon joins the marine corps the first to approach him without prejudice is Zerkan, a human ranger. Akamon spends the next 5 years working hard as part of the marine corp. Enduring the discrimination he continues to strive to improve. Over the years as his comrades slowly grow to see past their prejudice, Akamon grows especially close to Zerkan. 
One stormy night, during a large-scale raid on a pirate camp the battle turns to the pirates favor. When Akamon’s commander sees this he decides to retreat and sails off without informing Akamon and his unit, leaving them behind. Once they are abandoned Akamon and his unit drag out the fight a while longer until Zerkan is struck down by the pirates. Struck with grief Akamon goes on a rampage until he collapses exhausted, the rest of the unit are killed while Akamon as squad leader is captured alive in hopes of getting information about the marine corps. Once he wakes up again, in a pirate prison, Akamon swears to get revenge on his commander for leaving them behind and causing the deaths of Zerkan and the rest of his unit. 
After a long time of suffering under his captors Akamon gives in and decides to abandon his identity as a marine and start a new life as a pirate. But he never forgets his grudges. Through hard negotiation Akamon manages to exchange what he knows of the marine corps for his freedom, on his way out Akamon notices a familiar dagger carried by one of the pirates. It was Zerkan’s old dagger. With a swift swipe Akamon takes the dagger as a last memento to his dear friend as he sets out into a new life.